Content For Flutter/Package_Manager (#3056)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/117-flutter/content/107-package-manager/readme.md

> # Package Manager
> 
> A package manager sorts and organises your additional packages used in your flutter app. PUB is the darts package manager.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://docs.flutter.dev/development/packages-and-plugins'>Packages and Plugins</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Package Manager

The package manager for Flutter is called pub. It is used to manage Flutter projects' dependencies and publish Flutter packages. It is included with the Flutter SDK and can be run from the command line using the `pub` command.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://docs.flutter.dev/development/packages-and-plugins'>Packages and Plugins</BadgeLink>
```
